Fix login cookie destroyed after authKey change (#19621) (#19632)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/CHANGELOG.md

- Bug #19589: Fix Error reporting in to the `BaseArrayHelper::getValue()` (lav45)
- Bug #19316: Fix MysqlMutex with same connection but difference database (kamarton)
- Bug #19507: Fix eager loading of nested one-to-many relations (spo0okie)

> - Bug #19621: Fix login cookie destroyed after authKey change (MarkoNV)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enh #19621: Add `User::userAuthKeyUpdated()` that allows re-issuing "remember me" cookie along with switching identity after authKey change (MarkoNV)
```
